Convenience: shorter code to build decor. (#1903)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/concepts/decor.rst

* setting properties defined over the whole cell;
* descriptions of dynamics applied to regions and locsets.

.. note::

   All methods on decor objects (``paint``, ``place``, and ``set_default``)

>    return a reference to the objects so you can chain them together. This save

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   return a reference to the objects so you can chain them together. This saves
```

>    some repetition. In Python, you might need to wrap the whole expression in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   some repetition. In Python, a long chain can be broken over multiple lines by enclosing the statement in
```
